Hello and welcome.
Not much to be said about this lecture.
We're going to be adding a level display.
You know the drill it's going to be a challenge.
Let's dive in so just another short lecture on creating a display for the.
Level again this is just gonna be a challenge right off the bat for you folks to create a level display.
You're going to add it to the heart you're gonna draw from health display and the others such as experienced
display we've done before and you're gonna add a getter from base stats.
So pause video and half ago okay.
Welcome back.
So I'm gonna start with the getter in base stats.
Basically we've got actually we've already got get level so we don't even need to create one.
So fantastic.
I'm going to go in to our experience display.
I am going to duplicate that class over in unity so Gates's stats folder find experiences play control
control D to duplicate it then we go to our experience display we want to rename it actually it wants
to be the level display instead.
And then what we're going to rename level display as the class we are not gonna be getting the experience
but mistakes.
Instead we're going to get base stats and I'm going to call it as such base stats we're going to be
getting that from the player still because we're both interested in the players stance and then using
base dance we are going to base stats don't get level and that should basically do us so we're gonna
get the level s the text.
So finally we've got to out the huddle done this in the reverse order to I put on the slides but oh
well we're going to duplicate these labels we are going to shift and down shift key to keep things aligned
then we're going to rename it to the level label and remove that one at the end and then I'm going to
rename experience to again level value and again to change the text from XP to level and then we could
put a more reasonable representation of the UI again level five something like that then I'm going to
change out this script screens B instead of experiences playing and or move that components instead
I'm going to add the level display components and let's go ahead to hit play see if that works.
So I'm imagining Yep initially we are level 1 noob we hit this guy our experience points should go up
to 100 we a level 2 noob and we can go and bash some archers so I'm gonna go and bash them arches over
here whack whack whack and I died because I didn't have enough health but you get the idea it should
work.
We've set up a display you've done this before and congratulations you've done it again now in the next
lecture we're going to try and fix that issue where we're going just try and store damage instead of
health so that when you level up you effectively fill up your health bar from the bottom and get more
health see that.